AC 1 - Layout and design on the page will match the design above

Observations:
	
	1) 	Actual - Page header is not bold.
		Expected - 	Page header should be bold.
	
	2) 	Actual - Page header and the search fields is too close.
		Expected - These should be more space between Page header and the search fields should be more.
		
	3) 	Actual - Search field names and releted edit box is too close.
		Expected - These should be more space between Search field names and releted edit boxes.
	
	4) 	Actual - Search User/Create User buttons are too close to the user list table.
		Expected - These should be more space between Search User/Create User buttons and the user list table.
		
	5) 	Actual - Page numbers links have a 'Next' link .
		Expected - '>>' sign is expected instead of 'Next'
	
	6) 	Actual - Page footer is present.
		Expected - Page footer should not be visible.
	
	7) 	Actual - Records in user list are editable.
		Expected - Records should not be editable.
	
	8) 	Actual - Column sort arrow is visible.
		Expected - Column sort arrow should not be visible.
	
	9) 	Actual - School/User Type and Year group are 'Select Options'
		Expected - School/User Type and Year group should be 'Edit boxes'
		
AC 2 - 
- Users will be able to filter on the following fields:
    - First name
    - Last name
    - School
    - User type
    - Year group
		
Test Passed - Working as expected.
Observation - 
Filter is not case sensitive and is pattern filter.
UI should have a clear filter option.	

AC 3 - 
- The following will be displayed in the results table:
    - First name
    - Last name
    - School name
    - Year group
	
Test Passed - Working as expected.

AC 4 - 
Clicking the edit button will navigate to the edit page

Test Passed - Working as expected.
Observation - 'Back' link in the Edit page always navigates back to first page of the user list.

AC 5 - 
- The following fields will be sortable
    - First name - Sorting works as expected
    - Last name - Sorting works as expected
    - School name - Sorting is not done correctly
    - Year group - Not able to sort
	
	Bugs -
	1) School name - Sorting is not done correctly
	
	Actual - Sorting by School name is not working as expected
	Expected - User should be able to sort by School name
	
	2) Year group - Not able to sort
	Actual - Sort by Year group not working
	Expected - User should be able to sort by Year group
	
AC 6 -
- 5 records will be displayed per page

Test Passed - Working as expected.

AC 7 -
- Clicking the “Search Users” button will search and display the results in the table based on the filters

Test Passed - Working as expected.

AC 8 - 
- Clicking the “Create User” button will navigate to the “Create Users” page
Test Passed - Working as expected.

Bugs - On Exploratory Testing

Filter fileds - 
			1) There is no field length validation for first name and last name filter fields

Create user page - 
			1) There is no field length validation for first name and last name fields
			2) There is validation on the allowed character in first name and last name fields
			3) School is not saved when a new user is created
			4) Navigated to - 'Error. An error occurred while processing your request.' when 'user type' is not selected
			5) Navigated to - 'Error. An error occurred while processing your request.' when 'year' is not selected
		
Edit user page - 
			1) School is not updated when editted for a new user or existing user
			2) School for an existing user can not be edited. Navigated to - 'Error. An error occurred while processing your request.' (Intermitent issue)
			3) There is no field length validation for first name and last name fields
			4) There is validation on the allowed character in first name and last name fields
			5) School should not be a multi-select option. 